Were you precious Esme
The
我要為你作主 自然有一場吳長江
我要為你做主 自然有一場 shortly
The flowers bloom in the grassland
Let's rest for a while
The flowers are floating in the wind
I don't know what kind of flower it is
I want to show it to my sister
The flower is blooming
The flowers are floating in the wind
I want to show it to my sister
The golden flowers bloom again
in the seven-day moon
I will wait for you
You too, my sister
The flowers are the friends of tonight's dream
The flowers are blooming
In the mountains of the city
In the shade of forest
I chase the enemy who runs away
In the morning sun shining in the forest
The flowers are blooming
In the eight-day moon